Dad, what are you doing?
Well, did you hit the wrong person? What happened to you?
You die you die
What else would you do besides cause me trouble?
Waiting to hum
Jiu Ye called us just now
Say you three rebels are here to contradict the Qing Army
Let's roll down the slope
I didn't expect the three of you to know your mistake
What green army
How could he be Qing Jun?
Dad, did you hear wrong?
We're not that old.
Even this kind of words are clear
Three families
Didn't you say that Qin Feng was a Qing army?
Impossible, he absolutely cannot be the Qin army
Three patriarchs
Qi Feng
Just a wild child brought back to our family
He has lived in our house for more than ten years
I only went to Beijing two years ago.
Even if he calms down, what do you have to achieve?
Who is Qin Jun?
You are above all others
He is also worthy of the Qin army
He's a complete lowlife.
And this color wife
He is the mother
Look at these two poor guys.
Quiet these two days
It's too much of a luxury for them
How could it be possible to have a long relationship with the golden hammer?
Yes, I can do it for Major General Qin
This brother
As for the whole family, please hand it over to me and give it to Mr. Qin
And these people
He actually fell asleep and said he was dead
ask
Does anyone in the Qin army set up their own cards?
This is really the Qin army